Default outbound Relay to ON in Node SDK (#53)
evervault/evervault-node: README.md

# Evervault Node.js SDK

> The [Evervault](https://evervault.com) Node.js SDK is a toolkit for encrypting data as it enters your server, and working with Cages. By default, initializing the SDK will result in all outbound HTTPS requests being intercepted by Relay – and decrypted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Evervault](https://evervault.com) Node.js SDK is a toolkit for encrypting data as it enters your server, and working with Cages. By default, initializing the SDK will result in all outbound HTTPS requests being intercepted and decrypted.
```

| cageName | String | Name of the Cage to be run |
| cageFunction | Function | The function to deploy as a Cage |

### Disable interception on requests to specific domains

You may pass in an array of domains which you **don’t** want to be intercepted, i.e. requests sent to these domains will not be intercepted, and hence not decrypted. This array is passed in the `ignoreDomains` option.

```javascript

> const evervaultClient = new Evervault('<API-KEY>', { ignoreDomains: ['httpbin.org', 'facebook.com'] });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const evervaultClient = new Evervault('<API-KEY>', {
  ignoreDomains: ['httpbin.org', 'facebook.com'],
});
```

> const evervaultClient = new Evervault('<API-KEY>', { ignoreDomains: ['httpbin.org', 'facebook.com'] });
> // Requests sent to https://httpbin.org/post or https://api.facebook.com will not be sent through Relay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const evervaultClient = new Evervault('<API-KEY>', {
  ignoreDomains: ['httpbin.org', 'facebook.com'], // requests to these domains will not be sent thorough Relay
});
```

| cageName | String | Name of the Cage to be run |
| cageFunction | Function | The function to deploy as a Cage |

> ### Disable Relay interception on requests to specfic domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disable interception on requests to specific domains
```

> You may pass in an array of domains which you **don't** want to be intercepted by Relay, i.e. requests sent to these domains will not go through Relay, and hence will not be decrypted. This array is passed in the `ignoreDomains` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may pass in an array of domains which you **don’t** want to be intercepted, i.e. requests sent to these domains will be intercepted, and hence not decrypted. This array is passed in the `ignoreDomains` option.
```

Reviewer 2: other way around right?

Author: ```suggestion
You may pass in an array of domains which you **don’t** want to be intercepted, i.e. requests sent to these domains will not be intercepted, and hence not decrypted. This array is passed in the `ignoreDomains` option.
```

```javascript
const evervaultClient = new Evervault('<API-KEY>', { ignoreDomains: ['httpbin.org', 'facebook.com'] });

> // Requests sent to URLs such as https://httpbin.org/post or https://api.facebook.com will not be sent through Relay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Requests sent to URLs (e.g. `https://httpbin.org/post` or `https://api.facebook.com`) will not be intercepted
```

Author: ```suggestion
// Requests sent to these URLs with these domains (e.g. `https://httpbin.org/post` or `https://api.facebook.com`) will not be intercepted
```
Maybe this could be best?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
// Requests sent to https://httpbin.org/post or https://api.facebook.com will not be sent through Relay
```
Would just simplify again

```

### Disable Relay interception on all requests

> 
> To disable all outbound requests being decrypted, you may set the `intercept` option to `false` when initializing the SDK. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable all outbound requests being decrypted, you may set the `intercept` option to `false` when initializing the SDK.
```
